- I ALWAYS END EACH SHOW
BY SAYING
"BE KIND TO ONE ANOTHER,"
AND OUR FIRST GUEST IS
A WAITRESS
FROM HENNIKER, NEW HAMPSHIRE,
WHO DID JUST THAT.
PLEASE WELCOME SARAH HOIDAHL.
YOU ARE A SERVER.
- AND I ALSO BARTEND.
- AND BARTEND AT...
- RUBY TUESDAY'S.
- WHERE IS IT?
LET'S GIVE IT A PLUG.
RUBY TUESDAYS WHERE?
- CONCORD, NEW HAMPSHIRE.
WHOO!
- AND HOW OLD ARE YOU?
- I AM 22.
- 22-YEARS-OLD,
AND YOU LIVE WITH YOUR MOM.
- I DO.
- AND YOU'RE A SINGLE MOM.
- I AM.
- ALL RIGHT,
SO AND YOU'RE--
SO THAT'S HOW YOU'RE
MAKING YOUR MONEY.
YOU'RE MAKING MONEY OFF OF TIPS
AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
- MM-HMM.
- AND EXPLAIN TO EVERYONE
WHAT YOU DID.
- ALL RIGHT, WELL,
IT WAS A REGULAR WEDNESDAY
LUNCH SHIFT I WENT IN,
AND TWO WOMEN NATIONAL GUARD,
THEY WERE IN THEIR UNIFORMS
AND EVERYTHING.
THEY CAME IN FOR LUNCH,
AND THEY WERE TRYING TO
DECIDE WHAT TO GET.
THEY WERE LOOKING
THROUGH THE MENU.
THEY SAID THEY WERE TRYING
TO KEEP IT LIGHT.
THEY MENTIONED WITH
THE GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN
THAT THEY WERE FURLOUGHED,
AND, YOU KNOW,
THEY'RE NOT GETTING PAID.
I--THAT JUST GOT ME THINKING.
I WAS LIKE,
"JEEZ, THAT'S REALLY DIFFICULT."
I'M A WAITRESS,
SINGLE MOTHER.
I KNOW HOW HARD THAT IS.
AND I JUST DECIDED, YOU KNOW I'M
GONNA DO SOMETHING GOOD TODAY.
I'M GONNA BUY
THEIR LUNCH FOR THEM.
- YOU'RE GONNA BUY THEIR LUNCH.
SO INSTEAD OF THE BILL...
[cheers and applause]
I THINK WE HAVE A COPY
OF THE NOTE,
BUT IT SAYS, "THANKS TO
THE GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN,
"PEOPLE LIKE YOU
THAT PROTECT THIS COUNTRY
"ARE NOT GETTING PAID.
"HOWEVER, I STILL AM.
"LUNCH IS ON ME.
"THANK YOU FOR SERVING, LADIES.
HAVE A GOOD DAY."
THAT'S WHAT YOU LEFT.
[cheers and applause]
AND THEN THEY POSTED THIS
ON FACEBOOK,
AND--AND THEN IT'S JUST
TAKEN OFF.
EVERYBODY FOUND OUT ABOUT IT.
AND, I MEAN, THAT'S AMAZING.
JUST ONE GOOD DEED,
THAT YOU WERE JUST HELPING
THOSE TWO WOMEN,
AND LOOK AT WHAT HAPPENED.
- YEAH, IT'S CRAZY.
IT'S MIND-BLOWING,
AND NOW I'M ON ELLEN.
[laughs]
YES!
OH, MY GOSH,
IT'S MIND-BLOWING.
MY MIND IS STILL BLOWN.
- SO HOW MUCH DID YOU MAKE
THAT NIGHT?
WHAT DID YOU GO HOME WITH?
- I WALKED AWAY WITH--
WITH $8,
WHICH ISN'T EVEN ENOUGH
TO COVER MY GAS.
[laughs]
- SO--SO THAT'S--
THAT'S AMAZING,
THAT YOU KNOW
THAT YOU HAVE A SON.
HOW OLD IS YOUR SON?
- HE'S 15 MONTHS.
- 15 MONTHS.
WHAT'S HIS NAME?
- ASHTON.
SO YOU'RE TAKING CARE OF ASHTON.
- OH!
- PRECIOUS LITTLE BOY.
- THAT'S MY BABY.
- THAT'S YOUR BABY.
THAT'S ADORABLE.
AND THAT'S TOUGH.
I MEAN, YOU'RE LIVING AT HOME
WITH YOUR MOM.
AND I WANT TO--
HOW MUCH WAS THE BILL?
'CAUSE I'M GONNA PAY YOU BACK.
- [laughs]
- HOW MUCH WAS THE BILL?
- I LIKE IT.
I LIKE THE CAT.
- GOD, I HAVE SO MUCH--
I CARRY AROUND SO MUCH STUFF
IN MY PURSE.
HERE IT IS.
OKAY.
HOW MUCH?
- THE BILL WAS $27.75.
- $27.
ONE.
TWO, THREE, FOUR,
FIVE, SIX, SEVEN.
WELL, THERE'S 27.
$27.75?
HERE'S 25.
50.
- [laughs]
- 60.
WELL, JUST KEEP IT,
WHATEVER THAT IS.
- THANK YOU.
- AND THEN--
[cheers and applause]
FIRST OF ALL,
SO YOU'RE PAID BACK ON THAT,
AND THEN I HEARD
THAT YOU CAN'T WATCH MY SHOW.
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING HERE.
THIS IS WHY I HAVE YOU HERE.
YOUR TELEVISION IS BROKEN,
SO YOU'RE NOT ABLE TO WATCH ME,
AND THAT'S UNACCEPTABLE.
- [laughs]
- SO I GOT YOU A BRAND-NEW
50-INCH INSIGNIA TELEVISION.
[cheers and applause]
YEP.
- OH, MY GOSH, THANK YOU.
- AND YOU GET TWO OF THOSE
AND PUT 'EM NEXT TO EACH OTHER,
YOU CAN PUT IT ON YOUR LAWN.
- [laughs]
- THEN IT'S WORTH, LIKE,
A MILLION.
AND THEN, I AM COMPLETELY
OUT OF CASH NOW,
AND I GOT TO MAKE IT
HOME MYSELF.
CAN--ANDY, CAN YOU BRING MAMA
HER CHECKBOOK, PLEASE?
I NEED--
ALL RIGHT, HERE WE GO.
THANKS.
I'M GONNA MAKE YOU
A CHECK RIGHT NOW.
[cheers and applause]
THAT'S FOR YOU.
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU'RE AMAZING.
YOU'RE A GOOD PERSON.
WE'LL BE BACK.
- OH, THANK YOU.